GMAT Training
=============

How gmat_memorize_idioms works
------------------------------

This is the memorization program that I wrote for myself in 2010 to memorize English idioms for the GMAT. I'm putting it out there, as it may be helpful to others. It helped me score a 780.

You can use the program directly at http://huyz.us/gmat/.

It works similarly to flash cards. You are presented with an English sentence example, and you need to answer whether the capitalized idiom is considered right, wrong, or suspect, as defined by the Manhattan GMAT. The program tracks your incorrect answers through all the idioms that it knows, and then it starts another round with all the examples that you missed, and so on through multiple rounds until you have properly judged all the idioms. Going through all the rounds may take around an hour or more, as the selected idioms are quite difficult and often counter-intuitive.

What has worked for me is to train a few times at least a week from the test date, and then again the day before.

This tool is a companion to the excellent [Manhattan GMAT Preparation Guide: Sentence Correction](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0982423861/ref=as_li_tf_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=huyzus-20&linkCode=as2&camp=217153&creative=399353&creativeASIN=0982423861). Using the memorizer will not be of much benefit to you until you buy and read the guide first to get context about idioms. An absolute must-have for the GMAT.

How gmat_memorize_math works
----------------------------

This is a simple memorization program that I wrote for myself in 2010 to memorize some math computations.  I'm putting it out there, as it may be helpful to others.

It works similarly to flash cards.  It prompts you for a computation. You speak the answer out loud (the program will ignore you), then hit <ENTER> to see the answer.

TODO:

-   test for some pythagorean triples
-   write a separate program to test all the primes to 101

MIT License
-----------

Copyright (C) 2011 Huy Z

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
